README.md, before:

# TypeScript Toolkit Extension for Visual Studio Code

Welcome to the TypeScript Toolkit extension for Visual Studio Code! This extension provides essential tools to enhance your TypeScript development experience.

## Included Plugins

### [NPM IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.npm-intellisense)

Autocompletes npm modules in import statements.

### [Path IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense)

Autocompletes filenames in import statements and require() calls.

### [MarkdownLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=davidanson.vscode-markdownlint)

Lints Markdown files in your TypeScript projects.

### [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)

Identifies and fixes errors and enforces coding standards in your TypeScript code.

### [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

Formats your TypeScript code automatically according to configured rules.

### [Auto Rename Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag)

Automatically renames paired HTML/XML tags in TypeScript files.

### [Code Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.code-runner)

Runs your TypeScript code directly within Visual Studio Code.

### [Code Metrics](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kisstkondoros.vscode-codemetrics)

Analyzes and visualizes code metrics for your TypeScript projects.

### [TS Error Translator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mattpocock.ts-error-translator)

Translates TypeScript error messages into more understandable language.

### [Import Sorter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mike-co.import-sorter)

Automatically sorts and organizes import statements in your TypeScript files.

### [Docker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-docker)

Provides Docker integration for Visual Studio Code.

### [Remote Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

Develop your TypeScript code inside Docker containers.

### [JS Profile Flame](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-flame)

Visualizes JavaScript performance profiles in flame graphs.

### [Angular Console](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console)

Provides a GUI for managing Angular projects.

### [Indent Rainbow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow)

Colorizes indentation levels in your TypeScript code for improved readability.

### [VS Code Jest](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=orta.vscode-jest)

Integrates Jest testing framework into Visual Studio Code.

### [Quicktype](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=quicktype.quicktype)

Generates TypeScript types from JSON data.

### [SonarLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sonarsource.sonarlint-vscode)

Detects and fixes code quality issues in your TypeScript code.

### [Code Spell Checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker)

Checks spelling in your TypeScript code and comments.

### [Stylelint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stylelint.vscode-stylelint)

Helps you avoid errors and enforce conventions in your stylesheets.

### [Pretty TS Errors](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yoavbls.pretty-ts-errors)

Prettifies TypeScript error messages for better readability.

## Installation

1. Open Visual Studio Code.
2. Go to the Extensions view.
3. Search for "TypeScript Toolkit" and click Install.
4. Reload Visual Studio Code to activate the extension.

## Feedback and Contributions

Feel free to share your suggestions, feedback, and contributions on [GitHub](https://github.com/s-gryt/typescript-pack/issues).

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/s-gryt/typescript-pack/blob/main/LICENSE)
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://github.com/s-gryt/typescript-pack/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/sgryt.typescript-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sgryt.typescript-pack)
[![Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/sgryt.typescript-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sgryt.typescript-pack)
![Commitizen Friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)
[![Semantic Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-semantic-blue.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

Commit message:

feat(extension): add error gutters
add error gutters extension

README.md, after:

# TypeScript Toolkit Extension for Visual Studio Code

Welcome to the TypeScript Toolkit extension for Visual Studio Code! This extension provides essential tools to enhance your TypeScript development experience.

## Included Plugins

### [NPM IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.npm-intellisense)

Autocompletes npm modules in import statements.

### [Path IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=christian-kohler.path-intellisense)

Autocompletes filenames in import statements and require() calls.

### [MarkdownLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=davidanson.vscode-markdownlint)

Lints Markdown files in your TypeScript projects.

### [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)

Identifies and fixes errors and enforces coding standards in your TypeScript code.

### [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

Formats your TypeScript code automatically according to configured rules.

### [Auto Rename Tag](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.auto-rename-tag)

Automatically renames paired HTML/XML tags in TypeScript files.

### [Code Runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.code-runner)

Runs your TypeScript code directly within Visual Studio Code.

### [Error Gutters](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=igorsbitnev.error-gutters)

Quickly identify and navigate to errors in your code with gutter indicators.

### [Code Metrics](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kisstkondoros.vscode-codemetrics)

Analyzes and visualizes code metrics for your TypeScript projects.

### [TS Error Translator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mattpocock.ts-error-translator)

Translates TypeScript error messages into more understandable language.

### [Import Sorter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mike-co.import-sorter)

Automatically sorts and organizes import statements in your TypeScript files.

### [Docker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-docker)

Provides Docker integration for Visual Studio Code.

### [Remote Containers](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

Develop your TypeScript code inside Docker containers.

### [JS Profile Flame](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-flame)

Visualizes JavaScript performance profiles in flame graphs.

### [Angular Console](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console)

Provides a GUI for managing Angular projects.

### [Indent Rainbow](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow)

Colorizes indentation levels in your TypeScript code for improved readability.

### [VS Code Jest](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=orta.vscode-jest)

Integrates Jest testing framework into Visual Studio Code.

### [Quicktype](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=quicktype.quicktype)

Generates TypeScript types from JSON data.

### [SonarLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sonarsource.sonarlint-vscode)

Detects and fixes code quality issues in your TypeScript code.

### [Code Spell Checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker)

Checks spelling in your TypeScript code and comments.

### [Stylelint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=stylelint.vscode-stylelint)

Helps you avoid errors and enforce conventions in your stylesheets.

### [Pretty TS Errors](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yoavbls.pretty-ts-errors)

Prettifies TypeScript error messages for better readability.

## Installation

1. Open Visual Studio Code.
2. Go to the Extensions view.
3. Search for "TypeScript Toolkit" and click Install.
4. Reload Visual Studio Code to activate the extension.

## Feedback and Contributions

Feel free to share your suggestions, feedback, and contributions on [GitHub](https://github.com/s-gryt/typescript-pack/issues).

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/s-gryt/typescript-pack/blob/main/LICENSE)
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://github.com/s-gryt/typescript-pack/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/sgryt.typescript-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sgryt.typescript-pack)
[![Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/sgryt.typescript-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sgryt.typescript-pack)
![Commitizen Friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)
[![Semantic Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-semantic-blue.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
